docs: improve readme (#160)
HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet-mobile: README.md

Finally, run `make i18n` to compile all po files to json files.

## Troubleshooting

### Cannot compile for Android

Try to run `npx jetifier` to fix the issue.

> All check this issue: https://github.com/HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet-mobile/issues/135

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a known problem, reported in this issue: https://github.com/HathorNetwork/hathor-wallet-mobile/issues/135
```
